标题：擒杀袭警枪匪
原文链接：http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_470071c90102dt1o.html


		
			擒杀袭击警察的枪匪
2011年11月11日,
Mainland website reported that four gunmen fled the barracks of
the PLA soldiers were police containment, three persons were
killed, one person was arrested. Civil photos wanted page displays
Shulan City Public Security Bureau armed deserters bulletin, by the
relevant authorities but soon deleted. The Chinese Government
against civilian possession of firearms, ammunition, and even the
kitchen knives are sometimes strictly control the sale. Gunmen of
the common people lacking means of self-defence, stolen gun
deserters broke into the downtown area, people's lives at risk and
warnings do not have access to electronic media, due to "stability"
first. 65,331 unit of the PLA's four soldiers are allegedly in the
early morning of November 9, fled the barracks of Jilin in
Northeast China, they stole a 95-small-caliber automatic rifle
(otherwise is an automatic pistol) and 795 rounds. Desertion of Lin
Penghan Sergeant, Wo recruits Fan Yang, and Li Xin Xin, Zhang
Xinyan; aged 18 years old, the age of 18, 19 and 23 years old.
Because 5.8 mm standard bullets can be breakdown within 100 meters
of 8 mm steel plate, though it was not clear reasons why the four
escaped, but martial law in the whole city in Jilin city, a
formidable enemy, police have asked banks, jindian take stringent
preventive measures. In accordance with army regulations, not
periods of high alert and troops, ammunition under strict control,
how can get bullets; type 95, type 92 rounds, 77-35; a total of 795
rounds? visible discipline there are significant gaps in the army.
According to reports four deserters when taking a taxi from Jilin,
Liaoning, with special police gunfire, three deserters were killed
outright, a bullet being caught, other sources said police had two
killed and another was injured. If the event did not cause
casualties among people, unfortunately the fortunate. But runner-up
three deaths and one injury, whether by gun fire? seems to be
special police did not use of sniper capture tactics. Back in 1994
Beijing Jian Guo men "921" vicious shooting event, three Lieutenant
Akira Sakata model of Division 12 Regiment garrison in the capital
city shot dead 24 soldiers and civilians, including Iran diplomat
pishikenali parent-child and Regiment Political Commissar in
Beijing and four other soldiers. Internal commands of the armed
rebels shoot.
据东北网站报道，四名持枪歹徒遭到警察围堵，三人被击毙，一人被捕。							
		
						